{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 PHOTOGRAPHER AGREEMENT
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby is acknowledged, _______________ ("Photographer") and ____________ ("Publisher") (together, "Parties") agree that effective _________, 20___ ("Effective Date") and from time to time, Photographer will create and submit to Publisher photographs ("Photographs") intended for publication by Publisher and/or its designees, subject to the following terms and conditions; and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Parties further agree that Photographs that Photographer submitted to Publisher prior to the Effective Date ("Pre-Agreement Material") also will be subject to certain of the following terms and conditions,}} as further detailed herein:\
\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Photographer will create and submit the Photographs in accordance with a written and/or oral work order that identifies, in part, the subject matter, deadlines and compensation for the Photographs ("Work Order"). Photographer will use best efforts to ensure that the Photographs conform to the specifications set forth in the Work Order, and to any other guidelines or requirements for the Photographs provided by Publisher (together, "Specifications'). Photographer will use best efforts to submit all Photographs to Publisher in publishable quality and on or before the applicable deadlines.\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Photographer will submit all Photographs to Publisher in non-publication form for Publisher's preliminary review and selection. If Publisher reasonably determines, in its sole discretion, that the Photographs do not materially conform to the Specifications then Publisher may reject the Photographs. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If Publisher reasonably determines on any other content, form, style, or third party right and/or release-based grounds that the Photographs are not publishable as intended, then Publisher may reject the Photographs.}}\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If Publisher approves the Photographs, Publisher will select one or more of the Photographs for potential publication ("Selected Photographs"). Thereupon Photographer will submit the Selected Photographs to Publisher in publication-ready form, as reasonably requested by Publisher. Publisher may require Photographer to retouch, crop and/or otherwise modify the Selected Photographs, or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Publisher may undertake such activity itself and/or through a third party and require Photographer to assist.}} Photographer will use best efforts to cooperate with all such requirements. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Photographer will receive no additional compensation for undertaking said activity or providing said assistance.}} \uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Photographer will own the copyright to the Photographs and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 hereby irrevocably grants to Publisher a perpetual, worldwide, fully-sublicensable and royalty-free license to use and exploit all Photographs and all Pre-Agreement Material in any and all media and in connection with any and all products, services and/or other purposes, so long as such use and usage is tied to a Publisher magazine.}} Such license will be non-exclusive except as set forth in Paragraph 5 of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Publisher's rights will include and are not limited to: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 (a) unlimited use of any and all Photographs and Pre-Agreement Material accompanied by articles and/or other Publisher magazine editorial content of all kinds, (b) unlimited use of any and all Photographs and Pre-Agreement Material in connection with commercial products branded or co-branded with a Publisher magazine title, (c) unrestricted right to grant to third-party media outlets or companies permission to reproduce, display, distribute and otherwise use the Selected Photographs and Pre-Agreement Material in the context of the Publisher's magazine editorial setting in which they appeared (if any), and (d) unlimited use of any and all Photographs and Pre-Agreement Material for Publisher magazine editorial purposes in print, online, electronic and/or digital media, including without limitation for a database, archive and/or compilation of Publisher print and online magazines, to accompany new editorial content, for Publisher-generated e-mail newsletters, for Publisher-generated blogs, and/or for a RSS or other format news feed.}}\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Photographer additionally irrevocably grants to Publisher the following exclusivity rights: for the period running from Publisher's approval of the Photographs, through three (3) months from the date of first publication in any Publisher's print magazine of one or more associated Selected Photographs, if any, ("Exclusivity Period"), the exclusive worldwide right to reproduce, publish, republish, display, transmit and otherwise use all associated Selected Photographs.}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  For the avoidance of doubt, the end of the Exclusivity Period will be measured from the date of publication of a Selected Photograph in a Publisher print magazine, if any, and not from the date of publication of a Selected Photograph in any other media and/or for any other purpose.\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Except as expressly permitted by Publisher in writing, all photographs with the same subject matter specified in a Work Order that Photographer creates pursuant to an opportunity obtained through that Work Order will be deemed Photographs and will be subject to the exclusivity and all other provisions of this Agreement.}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Should Publisher seek to use the Photographs and/or the Pre-Agreement Material in a matter not set forth in this Agreement, the Parties agree to negotiate such usage, including without limitation any fee for such usage, in good faith.\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Any disclosure of Selected Photographs by Photographer, by anyone working for or with Photographer, and/or by any other person for the benefit of Photographer, during the Exclusivity Period will cause Photographer to forfeit in full the compensation specified in the associated Work Order, in addition to any other relief that Publisher may seek. Further, in such instance, and notwithstanding its lack of any payment obligation to Photographer, Publisher still will receive all rights to the Photographs set forth in this Agreement.}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  \uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Publisher may, but will have no obligation to, use Photographer's name, likeness, actual or paraphrased statements and biography (including without limitation professional credits) to identify Photographer as the creator of a Photograph, Selected Photograph and/or Pre-Agreement Material, and/or as a photographer published by Publisher.}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Notwithstanding anything otherwise set forth in this Agreement, and except as otherwise separately agreed to by Publisher and Photographer in writing, Publisher will have no obligation to publish or otherwise use any Photograph, Selected Photograph and/or Pre-Agreement Material in any way.}} \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Photographer waives any right to inspect and/or approve any use by Publisher or its designees of a Photograph, Selected Photograph, and/or Pre-Agreement Material.}}\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If Publisher does not approve the Photographs, and notwithstanding anything otherwise set forth in the Work Order, Photographer will receive no compensation, including without limitation fees or expenses, for the Photographs.}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 If Publisher cancels a photo shoot the day before or the day of a photo shoot, the Parties will negotiate a kill fee which is not to exceed 50% of the compensation specified in the Work Order.}}\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Photographer represents and warrants that each Photograph and all Pre-Agreement Material, in whole and in part, is and will be: (a) the original work product of Photographer alone, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 except for third party material to which Photographer has secured all necessary rights, and/or material in the public domain,}} (b) not previously published and/or provided to any third party for publication, except for Pre-Agreement Material, and except for third party material to which Photographer has secured all necessary rights and/or material in the public domain; and (c) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 free from defamatory, obscene, offensive, injurious, unlawful and/or otherwise inappropriate material.}} Additionally, Photographer represents and warrants that: (d) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 the use of each Photograph and all Pre-Agreement Material as permitted by this Agreement does not and will not violate or infringe any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, moral right, trademark, right of privacy or publicity, other intellectual property and/or contract right,}} (e) Photographer has the right to enter into this Agreement and all Work Orders, and to provide the services, grant the rights and assume the obligations set forth in this Agreement and all Work Orders, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 and that the same will not violate the rights of any third party,}} and (f) Photographer has not made and will not make any disposition of any copyright or other interest in any Photograph or Pre-Agreement Material, in whole or in part, that would interfere with the rights granted and obligations assumed by Photographer under this Agreement, and with the full {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 ownership and}} enjoyment thereof by Publisher and/or its designees.\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Photographer will indemnify and hold harmless Publisher and its directors, officers, employees, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, partners, licensees, agents, independent contractors, assigns and designees from and against all claims, actions, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) of any kind arising out of (a) Photographer's breach of any representation, warranty and/or other provision of this Agreement and/or any Work Orders;}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  (b) Photographer's negligence and/or willful misconduct; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 and/or (c) Publisher's use of any Photograph and/or Pre-Agreement Material as permitted by this Agreement.}}\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	13.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This Agreement, together with all Work Orders, sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, relating to the subject matter hereof; except, however, that this Agreement will supersede any inconsistent, conflicting and/or irreconcilable terms, and supplement any missing terms, of any and all prior agreements to the limited extent that such terms relate to Pre-Agreement Material, but any and all other terms of such prior agreements that relate to Pre-Agreement Material will remain unchanged and in full effect. All projects entered into by Photographer for Publisher after the Effective Date, including without limitation all projects entered into by Photographer pursuant to a Publisher-issued Work Order, are expressly governed by and limited to the provisions of this Agreement, and Publisher hereby objects to any different and/or additional terms and/or conditions contained in any invoice or other proposal offered by Photographer, unless expressly agreed to by Publisher in signed writing. Publisher's failure to object to such different and/or additional terms and/or conditions hereafter, or payment to Photographer upon their submission of an invoice, will not be deemed an acceptance of such terms and/or conditions and/or a waiver of this provision.}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Photographer may not assign any of its rights and/or obligations under this Agreement and/or any Work Order without the prior express written approval of Publisher. This Agreement and/or any Work Order may not be modified except in a writing signed by both Parties. A Party's delay or failure to exercise all or part of any of its rights under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that right or of any other right. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid except in a writing signed by both Parties. This Agreement and all Work Orders are binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties, respective successors and permitted assigns. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asmp.org/tutorials/bad-contract.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 This Agreement and all Work Orders, and all issues related thereto, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its choice and conflict of law principles. Any litigation or other legal action between the Parties arising out of this Agreement and/or any Work Order may be maintained only in a federal or state court located in New York County, New York, and the Parties hereby each consent to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in such courts.}} At all times Photographer will be acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee of Publisher and/or its designees.\uc0\u8232 \'a0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The replacement phrases\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The popup tooltips above are fine until you try to cut-and-paste their text into another document. To save you some frustration, here are the suggested replacements, formatted as plain text. \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 2:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  In that event, Publisher may not use any of the Photographs and shall pay Photographer all expenses and one-half the original fee. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 3:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Photographer will use reasonable efforts to cooperate with all reasonable requirements. Photographer will receive compensation for such additional services in accordance with Photographer's regular schedule of fees for such services. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 5:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  However, in no event shall the exclusivity period last more than nine (9) months from the day on which Photographs are submitted to Publisher. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 6:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Except as expressly permitted by Publisher in writing, all photographs with the same subject matter specified in a work order that Photographer creates while working on the assignment obtained through that work order will be deemed Photographs and will be subject to the exclusivity and all other provisions of this agreement. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 8:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Any disclosure of selected photographs by Photographer prior to publication will subject Photographer to such relief as Publisher may seek and may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 9:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Publisher will provide a credit line adjacent to the published Photographs. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 10, first note:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  If Publisher does not approve the Photographs, Photographer will nonetheless receive the compensation originally agreed upon and expenses. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 10, second note:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  If Publisher cancels a photo shoot two or more business days before the shoot date, Publisher is responsible for payment of all expenses incurred up to the time of cancellation of the assignment, plus 50% of the compensation specified in the work order. If notice of cancellation is given less than two business days before the shoot date, Publisher is responsible for all such expenses plus 100% of the compensation specified in the work order. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 11, first note:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Photographer represents and warrants that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, each Photograph is: \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 11, second note:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  except to the extent that the defamatory, obscene, offensive, injurious, unlawful and/or otherwise inappropriate nature results from acts, decisions or materials in the control of Publisher, its directors, officers, employes, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, partners, licensees, agents, independent contractors, assigns and designees. \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 11, third note:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Additionally, Photographer represents and warrants that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, that: (d) the creation of each Photograph as permitted by this agreement did not violate any third party right of which photographer has notice, \
\'a0\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Clause 12:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  The parties will indemnify and hold harmless each other and their respecitve directors, officers, employees, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, partners, licensees, agents, independent contractors, assigns and designees from and against any and all claims, damages costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) of any kind arising out of the indemnifying party's negligence and/or willful misconduct. \
\'a0\
}